a true-blue delight .
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
a slick , skillful little horror film .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
it 's fun lite .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
moving and vibrant .
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
the film is full of charm .
this is so de palma .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
i liked this film a lot ...
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
polished , well-structured film .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
he drags it back , single-handed .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
it 's astonishing .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
poignant and funny .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
one of the best of the year .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
true hollywood story .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
bravado kathy !
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
the performances are an absolute joy .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
her delivery and timing are flawless .
under 15 ?
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
deliciously slow .
sweet and memorable film .
and it is .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
it 's a scorcher .
pretty good little movie .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
so-so entertainment .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
ah , what the hell .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
a captivating new film .
star wars is back in a major way .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
a smart little indie .
feels untidily honest .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
this is a superior horror flick .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
this movie is a snow emergency .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
ken russell would love this .
who needs love like this ?
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
in an art film !
i liked it just enough .
a very capable nailbiter .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
as teen movies go , `` orange county `` is a refreshing change
the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
a. . .
one from the heart .
funny but perilously slight .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman `` wanted to be .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
compellingly watchable .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
ninety minutes of viva castro !
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
i loved this film .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
very predictable but still entertaining
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
and in this regard , on guard delivers .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
insightfully written , delicately performed
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
it 's always enthralling .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
a very pretty after-school special .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
frank capra played this story straight .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
that is because - damn it !
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
daring and beautifully made .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
there 's no clear picture of who killed bob crane .
see it .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
... think of it as american pie on valium .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
` hey arnold ! '
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
but i do .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
especially give credit to affleck .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
i admired this work a lot .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
oddly compelling .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
enticing and often funny documentary .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
part three stooges .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
a drama ?
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
great character interaction .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
pipe dream does have its charms .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
funny and touching .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
eventually , it wins you over .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
what 's next ?
it has plenty of laughs .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
lightweight but appealing .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
a small gem from belgium .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
what 's next ?
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
insanely hilarious !
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
spare yet audacious ...
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
spy-vs .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
but what spectacular sizzle it is !
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
fantastic !
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
the minor figures surrounding ( bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
zoom !
good ol ' urban legend stuff .
earnest but heavy-handed .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
this story still seems timely and important .
who knew ...
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
full of surprises .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
be patient with the lovely hush !
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
something for everyone .
is n't it great ?
just how extreme are these ops ?
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
it all adds up to good fun .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
only for young children , if them .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
the camera twirls !
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
twenty years later , e.t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
big time .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
it 's a trifle .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
a genuine mind-bender .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
one regards reign of fire with awe .
you can thank me for this .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
much monkeyfun for all .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
so could young romantics out on a date .
the movie is brilliant , really .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
has its share of arresting images .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
sa da tay !
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
works as pretty contagious fun .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
yes , soar .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
excellent acting and direction .
a romance ?
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
you have to see it .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
go see it and enjoy .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
gently humorous and touching .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
please .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
hey arnold !
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
there is greatness here .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
warm and exotic .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
refreshing .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
you 'll probably love it .
... a solid , unassuming drama .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
interesting , but not compelling .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
they were right .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
fun and nimble .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
an excellent sequel .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
smart and taut .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
the film has several strong performances .
a workshop mentality prevails .
morvern rocks .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
worth the effort to watch .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
it 's funny .
all in all , a great party .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
tailored to entertain !
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
... a true delight .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
quietly engaging .
a good piece of work more often than not .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
there 's plenty to impress about e.t .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
`` sum `` is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ``
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
i like this movie a lot .
and yet , it still works .
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
a modest masterpiece .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
the movie is ingenious fun .
rewarding .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
wise and deadpan humorous .
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
` snow dogs ' has both .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
a gem of a movie .
melodrama with a message .
what time is it there ?
amazingly dopey .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
this is amusing for about three minutes .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
great dragons !
a model of what films like this should be like .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
a stylish thriller .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
a funny film .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
meant for star wars fans .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
it may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
certainly .
the heat of the moment prevails .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
bang !
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
it is also beautifully acted .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
it bites hard .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
a solidly entertaining little film .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
you 'll end up moved .
exciting and well-paced .
cold , nervy and memorable .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
and how .
every child 's story is what matters .
a smart , witty follow-up .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
it 's sweet .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
the concept is a hoot .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
just like igby .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
who is this movie for ?
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
it 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
this one does .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ``
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
`` the quiet american `` begins in saigon in 1952 .
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
norton is magnetic as graham .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
i could n't recommend this film more .
a giggle a minute .
strange and beautiful film .
catch it ... if you can !
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
surprisingly insightful
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
thoroughly enjoyable .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
it 's still worth a look .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
dramas like this make it human .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
but it 's worth the concentration .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
ending .
adam sandler !
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ?
a fun ride .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
delightfully rendered
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
nothing is black and white .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
neatly constructed thriller .
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
immediately .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
a riveting documentary .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
brought to life on the big screen .
but he somehow pulls it off .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
the performances are uniformly good .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
a film of quiet power .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
oh , and booty call .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
-- but certainly hard to hate .
visually captivating .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
a tone poem of transgression .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
light , cute and forgettable .
yes .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
a gentle and engrossing character study .
what happens to john q ?
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
an impressive hybrid .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
this is really just another genre picture .
it 's a masterpiece .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
a charming but slight comedy .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
uneven but a lot of fun .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
a modestly surprising movie .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
it 's like a poem .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
brilliant ! '
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
it does give you a peek .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
i will be .
to the degree that ivans xtc .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
effective but too-tepid biopic
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
well , they 're ` they ' .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
exciting documentary .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
this movie got me grinning .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
( an ) hilarious romantic comedy .
it ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
another best of the year selection .
well worth the time .
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
a weird , arresting little ride .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
chomp chomp !
this is an interesting movie ! ``
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
ferrara 's best film in years .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
`` it 's all about the image . ``
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
for free .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
or a profit .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
the best part about `` gangs `` was daniel day-lewis .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
between the drama of cube ?
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
a melancholy , emotional film .
reyes ' word processor .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
`` roger michell ( `` notting hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ``
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
mildly amusing .
except it 's much , much better .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
it has fun being grown up .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
a good thriller .
a fascinating and fun film .
a wildly funny prison caper .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
really quite funny .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
poetry in motion captured on film .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
beautifully produced .
by turns very dark and very funny .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
`` on guard ! ``
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
i like it .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs. sever .
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
often hilarious .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
when the violence actually shocked ?
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
intimate and panoramic .
this is one of the year 's best films .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
than ` magnifique ' .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
it is nature against progress .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
it 's harmless , diverting fluff .
you do n't want to call the cops .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
can you bear the laughter ?
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
good , solid storytelling .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
is it a total success ?
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
the best film of the year 2002 .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
a smart , compelling drama .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
yet the act is still charming here .
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
a three-hour cinema master class .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
a marvel of production design .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
`` men in black ii , `` has all the earmarks of a sequel .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
it never fails to engage us .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
disturbing and brilliant documentary .
worth a look as a curiosity .
the result might look like vulgar .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
renner ?
not a bad journey at all .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
no big hairy deal .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
the film grows on you .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
leigh makes these lives count .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
no wonder they 're talking about `` talk to her . ``
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
their work is fantastic .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
... an inviting piece of film .
poignant and delicately complex .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
who is the audience for cletis tout ?
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
bring tissues .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
quelle surprise !
an intoxicating experience .
i loved the look of this film .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
silly , loud and goofy .
would i see it again ?
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
uplifting , funny and wise .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
the art demands live viewing .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
or intelligent .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
changing lanes tries for more .
i loved looking at this movie .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
it tells more than it shows .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
both damning and damned compelling .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
a faster paced family flick .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
a deep and meaningful film .
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
a thought-provoking picture .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
a tasty masala .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
even the digressions are funny .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
it is definitely worth seeing .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
intriguing and stylish .
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
it 's worth taking the kids to .
good film , but very glum .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
this is how you use special effects .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
hard to resist .
highly watchable stuff .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
and educational !
it is a movie about passion .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report `` astounds .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
fortunately , you still have that option .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
his scenes are short and often unexpected .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
mild , meandering teen flick .
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
simone is not a bad film .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
it is there to give them a good time .
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
a wry , affectionate delight .
please see previous answer .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
or tom green as han solo ?
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
it 's a sight to behold .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
wow .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
many insightful moments .
it 's about time .
but this is lohman 's film .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
cho 's timing is priceless .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
chances are you wo n't , either .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
... always remains movingly genuine .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .
more of a career curio than a major work .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
troubling and powerful .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ``
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
at all .
a very funny movie .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
or for the year , for that matter .
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
more concerned with sade 's ideas than with his actions .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
( it ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
witless but watchable .
merry friggin ' christmas !
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
... wise and elegiac ...
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
the actors are fantastic .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
buy popcorn .
got a david lynch jones ?
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
you bet .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
consistently clever and suspenseful .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
paul bettany is cool .
the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
strange it is , but delightfully so .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
did the film inform and educate me ?
the film is one of the year 's best .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
a tremendous piece of work .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
the film 's performances are thrilling .
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
into scrooge .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
but it does have one saving grace .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
now he makes them .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
` tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
must be seen to be believed .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
sparse but oddly compelling .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
a moving , if uneven , success .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
a potent allegorical love story .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
the story and structure are well-honed .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
never once predictable .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
good actress .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
remember it .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
the production values are up there .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama 's family .
that works .
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
hopkins .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
a small movie with a big heart .
has a solid emotional impact .
formuliac , but fun .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
punitively affirmational parable .
cool .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
the script is smart , not cloying .
