i liked this film a lot ...
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
a grating , emaciated flick .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
`` freaky friday , `` it 's not .
something for everyone .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
they should have called it gutterball .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
the film 's most improbable feat ?
in the wrong hands , i.e . peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
cho 's timing is priceless .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
no laughs .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
simplistic , silly and tedious .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
into scrooge .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
... has virtually no script at all ...
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
a decidedly mixed bag .
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
as vulgar as it is banal .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
they cheapen the overall effect .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
so-so entertainment .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
their work is fantastic .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
they felt like the same movie to me .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
not just unlikable .
oddly compelling .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ``
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
pompous and garbled .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
i loved looking at this movie .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
sparse but oddly compelling .
banal and predictable .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
`` red dragon `` never cuts corners .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
make like the title and dodge this one .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
quelle surprise !
barely gets off the ground .
eight legged freaks ?
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
( a ) slummer .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ``
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
it 's pauly shore awful .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
i hate this movie
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
ninety minutes of viva castro !
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
and in this regard , on guard delivers .
arnie blows things up .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
the story has little wit and no surprises .
extremely boring .
`` roger michell ( `` notting hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ``
full of surprises .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
`` antwone fisher `` is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
anemic , pretentious .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
it 's a scathing portrayal .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
what happens to john q ?
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
it 's a sight to behold .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
an extremely unpleasant film .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
it 's painful .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
just not campy enough
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
it all adds up to good fun .
`` sorority boys `` was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
in the end , white oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
disgusting .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
the movie is a dud .
it 's not a great monster movie .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
it 's a buggy drag .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
no more .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
scotland , pa. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
much monkeyfun for all .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
an impressive hybrid .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
a very pretty after-school special .
a potent allegorical love story .
delightfully rendered
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
no big hairy deal .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
a captivating new film .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
has a solid emotional impact .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
it labours as storytelling .
but it does have one saving grace .
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report `` astounds .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
` hey arnold ! '
a picture as erratic as its central character .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
lazy , miserable and smug .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
certainly .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
ridiculous .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
sweet and memorable film .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
it 's like a drive-by .
been there done that .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
a movie to forget
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
well-meant but unoriginal .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
i admired this work a lot .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
does n't add up to much .
teens only .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
it 's just not very smart .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
absolutely not .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
stale , futile scenario .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
the movie is ingenious fun .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
`` punch-drunk love `` is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
worth the effort to watch .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
bang !
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
melodrama with a message .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
the film is full of charm .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
( an ) hilarious romantic comedy .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
lacks depth .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
mild , meandering teen flick .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
insomnia is involving .
... a confusing drudgery .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
two-bit potboiler .
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
it does n't work as either .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
wow .
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
the movie is brilliant , really .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
just one bad idea after another .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
hey arnold !
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
neatly constructed thriller .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
a muted freak-out
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
both deserve better .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
this film biggest problem ?
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
the camera twirls !
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
bears is bad .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
one of ( herzog 's ) least inspired works .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
and educational !
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
anyone else seen this before ?
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
it 's fun lite .
funny and touching .
wait to see it then .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
below is well below expectations .
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
the film is flat .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
effective but too-tepid biopic
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
i still want my money back .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
it 's one long bore .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
disturbing and brilliant documentary .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
( it ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
the comedy is nonexistent .
a little too pat for its own good .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
twenty years later , e.t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
i will be .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
catch it ... if you can !
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
visually captivating .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
no surprises .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
a good piece of work more often than not .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
except it 's much , much better .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
a `` black austin powers ? ``
sa da tay !
when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable .
the name says it all .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
it has plenty of laughs .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
or intelligent .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
a listless and desultory affair .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
meandering and confusing .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
or for the year , for that matter .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
... a true delight .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
it tells more than it shows .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
star wars is back in a major way .
amazingly lame .
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ``
it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
everyone 's to blame here .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
than ` magnifique ' .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
is it a total success ?
lightweight but appealing .
god is great , the movie 's not .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
bravado kathy !
the minor figures surrounding ( bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
true hollywood story .
a small movie with a big heart .
worth a look as a curiosity .
go see it and enjoy .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
hard to resist .
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
the film is one of the year 's best .
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
a modestly surprising movie .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
there can be no other explanation .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
big mistake .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
what 's next ?
and that is where ararat went astray .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
a small gem from belgium .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
a processed comedy chop suey .
more maudlin than sharp .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
where 's the movie here ?
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
meant for star wars fans .
creepy , authentic and dark .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
there 's no clear picture of who killed bob crane .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
aan opportunity wasted .
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
the art demands live viewing .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
the concept is a hoot .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
the script is smart , not cloying .
a workshop mentality prevails .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
worthy of the gong .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
part three stooges .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
it 's sweet .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
ken russell would love this .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
big deal !
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
now he makes them .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
i hated every minute of it .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
a very funny movie .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
the actors are fantastic .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
exciting and well-paced .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
really quite funny .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
dramatically lackluster .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
a sour , nasty offering .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
... `` bowling for columbine `` remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
... really horrible drek .
polished , well-structured film .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
a lame comedy .
he fails .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
`` extreme ops `` exceeds expectations .
execrable .
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ``
do n't say you were n't warned .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
no thanks .
you bet .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
all mood and no movie .
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
a stylish thriller .
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
there is greatness here .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
smart and taut .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
the film has several strong performances .
topkapi this is not .
less than fresh .
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
yes , soar .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ?
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
does n't amount to much of anything .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
see it .
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
terrible .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
highly watchable stuff .
acting can not be acted .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
witless but watchable .
this movie got me grinning .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
warm and exotic .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
who is this movie for ?
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
odd and weird .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
it may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
even the digressions are funny .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
a faster paced family flick .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
i survived .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
works as pretty contagious fun .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
this movie is a snow emergency .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
just like igby .
this story still seems timely and important .
by turns very dark and very funny .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
painfully padded .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
a bit too eager to please .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
slap me , i saw this movie .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
norton is magnetic as graham .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
a solidly entertaining little film .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
this is pretty dicey material .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
would i see it again ?
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
pipe dream does have its charms .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
between the drama of cube ?
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
amazingly dopey .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
or else a doggie winks .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
a smart little indie .
a waste of good performances .
good , solid storytelling .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
but it could have been worse .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
it treats women like idiots .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
crummy .
extremely bad .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
good actress .
arty gay film .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
who cares ? ) .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
insanely hilarious !
remember it .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
... too sappy for its own good .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
the film grows on you .
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
everything is off .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
the gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
` this movie sucks . '
a half-assed film .
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
extremely confusing .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
should have been someone else -
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
meanders between its powerful moments .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
draggin ' about dragons
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
should have gone straight to video .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
they just do n't work in concert .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
every child 's story is what matters .
this is it .
yet the act is still charming here .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
surprisingly insightful
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
but i do .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
i wanted more .
that 's a cheat .
it is also beautifully acted .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
this one 's weaker than most .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
i 'm just too bored to care .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
a giggle a minute .
a wry , affectionate delight .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
decent but dull .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
... too dull to enjoy .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
death might be a release .
especially give credit to affleck .
a deep and meaningful film .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
boring and meandering .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
the movie is well done , but slow .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
a moving , if uneven , success .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
enough said , except : film overboard !
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
they were right .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
a thought-provoking picture .
the movie gets muted and routine .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
this is amusing for about three minutes .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
all in all , a great party .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
tends to plod .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
the performances are an absolute joy .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
if there ai n't none , you have a problem .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
beware the quirky brit-com .
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
i do n't think so .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
an absurdist spider web .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
renner ?
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
it 's worth taking the kids to .
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
has its share of arresting images .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
that is because - damn it !
a good thriller .
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
in an art film !
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
a major waste ... generic .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
must be seen to be believed .
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
it 's all pretty tame .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
do n't waste your money .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
is a mess .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
just pound away .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
low rent from frame one .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
in a word : no . .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
it 's about time .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
it 's that painful .
`` birthday girl `` is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
storytelling feels slight .
big time .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
a mess .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
it 's harmless , diverting fluff .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
this is so de palma .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of ( besson 's ) earlier work .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
we get the comedy we settle for .
cinematic poo .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
who needs love like this ?
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
an excellent sequel .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
... one resurrection too many .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
real women have curves does n't offer any easy answers .
this is a superior horror flick .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
no wonder they 're talking about `` talk to her . ``
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
ferrara 's best film in years .
strange and beautiful film .
a. . .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
faultlessly professional but finally slight .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
it bites hard .
it is there to give them a good time .
his scenes are short and often unexpected .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
an intoxicating experience .
or a profit .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
an asian neo-realist treasure .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
i liked it just enough .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
a lifetime movie about men .
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
troubling and powerful .
norton holds the film together .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
notorious c.h.o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
just plain bad .
calculated swill .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
we do n't even like their characters .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
a genuine mind-bender .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
buy popcorn .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
poignant and delicately complex .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
but it does n't leave you with much .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
`` red dragon `` is entertaining .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
this is nothing but familiar territory .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
can you bear the laughter ?
intriguing and stylish .
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
more concerned with sade 's ideas than with his actions .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
i did n't laugh .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
bring tissues .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
the film is all over the place , really .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
the story and structure are well-honed .
boring we did n't .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
but it 's worth the concentration .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
a melancholy , emotional film .
funny but perilously slight .
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
there 's no good answer to that one .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
cynics need not apply . '
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
an infuriating film .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
the best part about `` gangs `` was daniel day-lewis .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
nothing too deep or substantial .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
it is definitely worth seeing .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
... wise and elegiac ...
go back to sleep .
simply put , `` far from heaven `` is a masterpiece .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
thumbs down .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
on its own , it 's not very interesting .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
the best film of the year 2002 .
it 's funny .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
charlize chases kevin with a gun .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
where the film falters is in its tone .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
the result might look like vulgar .
that 's pure pr hype .
it 's not too much of anything .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
cool .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
thin period piece .
it is n't scary .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ``
stress ` dumb . '
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
... hokey art house pretension .
the film can depress you about life itself .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet .
great dragons !
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
some episodes work , some do n't .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
punitively affirmational parable .
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
nothing about this movie works .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
socrates motions for hemlock .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
fortunately , you still have that option .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
it 's a masterpiece .
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
clever but not especially compelling .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
david spade as citizen kane ?
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
and yet , it still works .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
a chick flick for guys .
changing lanes tries for more .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
bad .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
how inept is serving sara ?
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
well worth the time .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
surprisingly powerful and universal .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
i ca n't recommend it .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
interesting , but not compelling .
a romance ?
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
phoned-in business as usual .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
it 's a scorcher .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
nothing about it fits .
it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
this is n't a new idea .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
you 've seen them a million times .
a weird , arresting little ride .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
i prefer to think of it as `` pootie tang with a budget . ``
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
one of the best of the year .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
action - mechanical .
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
... always remains movingly genuine .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
over and over again .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
that works .
for dance completists only .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
it drowns in sap .
quietly engaging .
this one does .
eventually , it wins you over .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
but i was n't .
it 's just filler .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
enticing and often funny documentary .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
disjointed parody .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
the camera whirls !
wishy-washy .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
... a pretentious mess ...
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
one from the heart .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman `` wanted to be .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
well , they 're ` they ' .
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
morvern rocks .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs. sever .
daring and beautifully made .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
silly , loud and goofy .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
it never fails to engage us .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
`` the quiet american `` begins in saigon in 1952 .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
strange it is , but delightfully so .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
low comedy does n't come much lower .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
but what spectacular sizzle it is !
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
now , if it only had a brain .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
` snow dogs ' has both .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
holden caulfield did it better .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
for starters , the story is just too slim .
it sucked .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
it is nature against progress .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
thoroughly enjoyable .
light , cute and forgettable .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
i admit it , i hate to like it .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
`` sum `` is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ``
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
too silly to take seriously .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
there 's no energy .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
what `` empire `` lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
a fascinating and fun film .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
does n't really add up to much .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
spare yet audacious ...
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
a big fat pain .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
both damning and damned compelling .
uplifting , funny and wise .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
`` the time machine `` is a movie that has no interest in itself .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
i loved the look of this film .
-- but certainly hard to hate .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
spy-vs .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
i could n't recommend this film more .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
far away .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
at all .
immediately .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
a riveting documentary .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
fun and nimble .
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
it 's astonishing .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
often hilarious .
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
not so much farcical as sour .
a true-blue delight .
i wonder why .
a film of quiet power .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
... silly humbuggery ...
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
under 15 ?
... a rather bland affair .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
it 's just merely very bad .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
a negligible british comedy .
shrewd but pointless .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
um , no . .
witless and utterly pointless .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
exciting documentary .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
otherwise , maybe .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
an ugly , revolting movie .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
degenerates into hogwash .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
uneven but a lot of fun .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
more tiring than anything .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
and a very rainy day .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
zoom !
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
another best of the year selection .
a modest masterpiece .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
stay away .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
many insightful moments .
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
the master of disguise is awful .
a real clunker .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
feels familiar and tired .
did the film inform and educate me ?
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
`` what really happened ? ``
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
woody , what happened ?
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .
the performances are uniformly good .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
an often unfunny romp .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
to the degree that ivans xtc .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
mildly entertaining .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
is n't it great ?
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
this is just lazy writing .
fluffy and disposible .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
let 's hope not .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
got a david lynch jones ?
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
almost gags on its own gore .
it 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
you 'll end up moved .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
feels untidily honest .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
simone is not a bad film .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
a smart , compelling drama .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
fancy a real downer ?
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
aggravating and tedious .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
a high-minded snoozer .
what 's next ?
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
it 's always enthralling .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
who is the audience for cletis tout ?
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
you 'll probably love it .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
yes .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
he drags it back , single-handed .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
a tremendous piece of work .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
two hours of junk .
a tone poem of transgression .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
the script ?
it should have stayed there .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
beautifully produced .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
a fun ride .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
fantastic !
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
a wildly funny prison caper .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
bad movie .
pretty good little movie .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
the central story lacks punch .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
a charming but slight comedy .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
or tom green as han solo ?
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
brought to life on the big screen .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
please .
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
it has fun being grown up .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
abysmally pathetic
insightfully written , delicately performed
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
then lower them a bit more .
frenetic but not really funny .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
b . ) that sure is pathetic !
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
a slick , skillful little horror film .
a gem of a movie .
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
so could young romantics out on a date .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
i like this movie a lot .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
the worst film of the year .
oh , and booty call .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
chances are you wo n't , either .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
` tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
`` on guard ! ``
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
you can thank me for this .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
it 's also stupider .
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
leigh makes these lives count .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
a very bad sign .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
it 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
intimate and panoramic .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
... hypnotically dull .
this is one of the year 's best films .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
this is an interesting movie ! ``
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
you have to see it .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
routine and rather silly .
leaks treacle from every pore .
press the delete key .
thoroughly awful .
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ``
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
adam sandler !
... a solid , unassuming drama .
it is a movie about passion .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
as teen movies go , `` orange county `` is a refreshing change
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
ah , what the hell .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
grating and tedious .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
the film 's center will not hold .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
but it was n't .
a real snooze .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
more of a career curio than a major work .
but this is lohman 's film .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
a timid , soggy near miss .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
i like it .
never once predictable .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
no . .
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
the production values are up there .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
by-the-numbers yarn .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
eh .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
unwieldy contraption .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
no , even that 's too committed .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
yes , dull .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
a well-crafted letdown .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
never comes together as a coherent whole .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
excellent acting and direction .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
deliciously slow .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
it 's like a poem .
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
bond-inspired ?
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
frank capra played this story straight .
over age 15 ?
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
it may not be `` last tango in paris `` but ...
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
poignant and funny .
is this progress ?
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
poetry in motion captured on film .
this movie is maddening .
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
very bad .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
too simple for its own good .
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
and how .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
a three-hour cinema master class .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
no , i hate it .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
who knew ...
good film , but very glum .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
alas , it 's neither .
nothing about them is attractive .
a funny film .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
bearable .
it does give you a peek .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
nothing is black and white .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
... overly melodramatic ...
too bad .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
enigma lacks it .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
brilliant ! '
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
( a ) stuporously solemn film .
earnest but heavy-handed .
please see previous answer .
compellingly watchable .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
... watching it was painful .
`` juwanna mann ? ``
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
what time is it there ?
muddled , trashy and incompetent
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
a very capable nailbiter .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
a marvel of production design .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld 's real life is boring .
it 's still worth a look .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
but no . .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
an opportunity missed .
dramas like this make it human .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
... they missed the boat .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
cold , nervy and memorable .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
not a bad journey at all .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
terminally brain dead production .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
`` it 's all about the image . ``
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
hopkins .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
tailored to entertain !
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
more trifle than triumph .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
the film 's performances are thrilling .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
it 's laughing at us .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
when the violence actually shocked ?
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
crikey indeed .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
life is a crock -- or something like it .
i did n't smile .
a tasty masala .
it 's just plain boring .
this is really just another genre picture .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
the heat of the moment prevails .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama 's family .
it ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
be patient with the lovely hush !
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
very stupid and annoying .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
flat , misguided comedy .
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
woefully pretentious .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
only for young children , if them .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
imperfect ?
wise and deadpan humorous .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
what happened with pluto nash ?
wait for it to hit cable .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
... an inviting piece of film .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
a drama ?
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
a ragbag of cliches .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
was i scared ?
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
it 's a trifle .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
show me the mugging .
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
... think of it as american pie on valium .
it 's haunting .
a bit of an unwieldy mess .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
mildly amusing .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
columns from ladies home journal ...
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
you could hate it for the same reason .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
horrible .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
moving and vibrant .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
just plain silly .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
great character interaction .
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
a dreadful live-action movie .
formuliac , but fun .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
the characters never change .
i loved this film .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
ending .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
this thing is just garbage .
paul bettany is cool .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
an awful snooze .
even kids deserve better .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
brisk hack job .
it 's splash without the jokes .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
it 's drab .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
good ol ' urban legend stuff .
an exit sign , that is .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
rewarding .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
merry friggin ' christmas !
obvious .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
just dreadful .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
smothered by its own solemnity .
first good , then bothersome .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
this is how you use special effects .
is it a comedy ?
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
seriously , rent the disney version .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
incoherence reigns .
but he somehow pulls it off .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
seems like someone going through the motions .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
just how extreme are these ops ?
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
this is so bad .
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
and it is .
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
one regards reign of fire with awe .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
a smart , witty follow-up .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
reyes ' word processor .
chomp chomp !
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
a model of what films like this should be like .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
one lousy movie .
yes , ballistic is silly .
almost everything else is wan .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
gently humorous and touching .
you do n't want to call the cops .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
`` men in black ii , `` has all the earmarks of a sequel .
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
refreshing .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
ruh-roh !
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
a sometimes tedious film .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
it 's uninteresting .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
her delivery and timing are flawless .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
... unbearably lame .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
very predictable but still entertaining
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
for free .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
hmm .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
one of the worst movies of the year .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
