thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
is it a comedy ?
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
the movie gets muted and routine .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
i do n't think so .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
press the delete key .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
routine and rather silly .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
meandering and confusing .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
this one 's weaker than most .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
phoned-in business as usual .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
the film is all over the place , really .
scotland , pa. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
a major waste ... generic .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
the film is flat .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
stale , futile scenario .
a lame comedy .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
wait for it to hit cable .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
thumbs down .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
even kids deserve better .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ``
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
on its own , it 's not very interesting .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
but it does n't leave you with much .
nothing too deep or substantial .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
a dreadful live-action movie .
frenetic but not really funny .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
action - mechanical .
holden caulfield did it better .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
been there done that .
but no . .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
the camera whirls !
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
very bad .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
less than fresh .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
make like the title and dodge this one .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
this film biggest problem ?
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
yes , dull .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
socrates motions for hemlock .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
it is n't scary .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
it 's not a great monster movie .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
almost everything else is wan .
no , even that 's too committed .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
very stupid and annoying .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
decent but dull .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
over and over again .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
the film can depress you about life itself .
more maudlin than sharp .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
one of the worst movies of the year .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
it 's just not very smart .
ruh-roh !
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
beware the quirky brit-com .
too simple for its own good .
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
... hypnotically dull .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
this thing is just garbage .
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
eight legged freaks ?
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
too bad .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
extremely boring .
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
they should have called it gutterball .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
no . .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
alas , it 's neither .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
a movie to forget
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
... a rather bland affair .
it 's one long bore .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
arnie blows things up .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
fluffy and disposible .
woefully pretentious .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
i still want my money back .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
this movie is maddening .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
not so much farcical as sour .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
yes , ballistic is silly .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
that 's pure pr hype .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
all mood and no movie .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
real women have curves does n't offer any easy answers .
a decidedly mixed bag .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
two hours of junk .
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
or else a doggie winks .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
a bit too eager to please .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
fancy a real downer ?
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
it may not be `` last tango in paris `` but ...
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
eh .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
it 's just filler .
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
life is a crock -- or something like it .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
extremely confusing .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
( a ) slummer .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
it 's pauly shore awful .
anyone else seen this before ?
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
it should have stayed there .
the film 's center will not hold .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
is `` ballistic `` worth the price of admission ?
banal and predictable .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
execrable .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
terrible .
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
incoherence reigns .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
a listless and desultory affair .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
and a very rainy day .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
no , i hate it .
otherwise , maybe .
degenerates into hogwash .
the characters never change .
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
it 's painful .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
an awful snooze .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
this is so bad .
where 's the movie here ?
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
pompous and garbled .
... silly humbuggery ...
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
bad .
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
no laughs .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
should have been someone else -
arty gay film .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
cynics need not apply . '
crikey indeed .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
that 's a cheat .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
i survived .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
a timid , soggy near miss .
extremely bad .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
alas , another breathless movie about same !
the results are far more alienating than involving .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld 's real life is boring .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
what happened with pluto nash ?
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
it 's laughing at us .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
it 's a buggy drag .
disjointed parody .
disgusting .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
seriously , rent the disney version .
it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
lazy , miserable and smug .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
for starters , the story is just too slim .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
`` sorority boys `` was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
tends to plod .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
grating and tedious .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
... too sappy for its own good .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
almost peerlessly unsettling .
insomnia is involving .
the worst film of the year .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
in a word : no . .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
a high-minded snoozer .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
david spade as citizen kane ?
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
... a pretentious mess ...
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
it 's also stupider .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
this is n't a new idea .
brisk hack job .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
stay away .
low rent from frame one .
this is just lazy writing .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
a real clunker .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
just dreadful .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
aggravating and tedious .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
it labours as storytelling .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
no thanks .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
draggin ' about dragons
well-meant but unoriginal .
enough said , except : film overboard !
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
i admit it , i hate to like it .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
faultlessly professional but finally slight .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
there 's no energy .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
it 's splash without the jokes .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
painfully padded .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
obvious .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
nothing about them is attractive .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
flat , misguided comedy .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
an absurdist spider web .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
an infuriating film .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
`` the time machine `` is a movie that has no interest in itself .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
does n't add up to much .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .
the film 's most improbable feat ?
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
... really horrible drek .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
nothing about it fits .
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
two-bit potboiler .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
aan opportunity wasted .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
sluggish , tonally uneven .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
a negligible british comedy .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
then lower them a bit more .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
an ugly , revolting movie .
let 's hope not .
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
a ragbag of cliches .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
do n't say you were n't warned .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
`` abandon `` will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
topkapi this is not .
charlize chases kevin with a gun .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
below is well below expectations .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
an often unfunny romp .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
a sour , nasty offering .
we get the comedy we settle for .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
i prefer to think of it as `` pootie tang with a budget . ``
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
is a mess .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
but it was n't .
an opportunity missed .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
the central story lacks punch .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ``
it 's like a drive-by .
no surprises .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
by-the-numbers yarn .
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
almost gags on its own gore .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
a `` black austin powers ? ``
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
the movie is a dud .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
a real snooze .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
it 's drab .
big mistake .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
too silly to take seriously .
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
like a poor man 's you can count on me
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
i did n't laugh .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
bearable .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
a lifetime movie about men .
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
the gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
a muted freak-out
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
god is great , the movie 's not .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
it 's just plain boring .
it 's that painful .
norton holds the film together .
i wanted more .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
it does n't work as either .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
thoroughly awful .
i ca n't recommend it .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
does n't really add up to much .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
boring and meandering .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
should have gone straight to video .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
but i was n't .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
it 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
a very bad sign .
... a confusing drudgery .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
we do n't even like their characters .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
as vulgar as it is banal .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
calculated swill .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
amazingly lame .
b . ) that sure is pathetic !
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
anemic , pretentious .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
an extremely unpleasant film .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
death might be a release .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
some episodes work , some do n't .
this is pretty dicey material .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
this is nothing but familiar territory .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
and that is where ararat went astray .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
bond-inspired ?
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
everything is off .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
they cheapen the overall effect .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
mildly entertaining .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
wait to see it then .
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
cinematic poo .
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
laughably , irredeemably awful .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
nothing about this movie works .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
an exit sign , that is .
... has virtually no script at all ...
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
it sucked .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
i 'm just too bored to care .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
columns from ladies home journal ...
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
horrible .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
just plain bad .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
far away .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
one of ( herzog 's ) least inspired works .
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
just one bad idea after another .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
this is it .
i wonder why .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
it 's just merely very bad .
where the film falters is in its tone .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ``
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
... unbearably lame .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
... watching it was painful .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
they felt like the same movie to me .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
a big fat pain .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
the name says it all .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
`` what really happened ? ``
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
stress ` dumb . '
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
it 's not too much of anything .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
not just unlikable .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
clever but not especially compelling .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
teens only .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
feels familiar and tired .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
more trifle than triumph .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
... hokey art house pretension .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
now , if it only had a brain .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
it drowns in sap .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
how inept is serving sara ?
... one resurrection too many .
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
ridiculous .
does n't amount to much of anything .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
a grating , emaciated flick .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
you 've seen them a million times .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
a processed comedy chop suey .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
a waste of good performances .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
a mess .
unwieldy contraption .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
bad movie .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
both deserve better .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
there 's no good answer to that one .
they just do n't work in concert .
it 's all pretty tame .
first good , then bothersome .
do n't waste your money .
imperfect ?
... too dull to enjoy .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
boring we did n't .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
... although this idea is `` new `` the results are tired .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
abysmally pathetic
lacks depth .
debut effort by `` project greenlight `` winner is sappy and amateurish .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
leaks treacle from every pore .
it 's a scathing portrayal .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
show me the mugging .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
go back to sleep .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
who cares ? ) .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
i did n't smile .
it treats women like idiots .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
witless and utterly pointless .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
terminally brain dead production .
it 's haunting .
if there ai n't none , you have a problem .
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
entertaining enough , but nothing new
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
a sometimes tedious film .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
you could hate it for the same reason .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
over age 15 ?
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
a little too pat for its own good .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
one lousy movie .
the movie is well done , but slow .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
barely gets off the ground .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
worthy of the gong .
more tiring than anything .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
enigma lacks it .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
absolutely not .
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
this is no `` waterboy ! ``
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
slap me , i saw this movie .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
odd and weird .
is this progress ?
... overly melodramatic ...
thin period piece .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
seems like someone going through the motions .
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
hmm .
just plain silly .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
a chick flick for guys .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
woody , what happened ?
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
there can be no other explanation .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of ( besson 's ) earlier work .
a bit of an unwieldy mess .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
um , no . .
no more .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
notorious c.h.o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
for dance completists only .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
storytelling feels slight .
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
just pound away .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
i hated every minute of it .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
... they missed the boat .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
was i scared ?
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
everyone 's to blame here .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
but it could have been worse .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
` this movie sucks . '
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
the comedy is nonexistent .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
i hate this movie
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
a well-crafted letdown .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
shrewd but pointless .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
smothered by its own solemnity .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
dramatically lackluster .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
the master of disguise is awful .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
big deal !
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
not once does it come close to being exciting .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
in the end , white oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
wishy-washy .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
in the wrong hands , i.e . peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
acting can not be acted .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
something like scrubbing the toilet .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
creepy , authentic and dark .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
( a ) stuporously solemn film .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
bears is bad .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
just not campy enough
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
it 's uninteresting .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
the script ?
crummy .
meanders between its powerful moments .
he fails .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
`` freaky friday , `` it 's not .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
a half-assed film .
